added HSPD12 reference to removed section (#662)
usnistgov/FIPS201: _FIPS201/authentication.md

> Note: This section was formerly entitled "Relationship to OMB’s E-Authentication Guidance."

> The content of this section has been removed since OMB [[M-04-04]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-OMB0404) has been rescinded by OMB [[M-19-17]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-OMB1917), which recognizes the IALs and AALs defined in NIST [[SP 800-63]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63) as the framework for managing digital identity risks within the Federal Government. The requirements stated by [[HSPD-12]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-HSPD-12) sill apply under this new memorandum. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of this section has been removed since OMB [[M-04-04]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-OMB0404) has been rescinded by OMB [[M-19-17]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-OMB1917), which recognizes the IALs and AALs defined in NIST [[SP 800-63]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63) as the framework for managing digital identity risks within the Federal Government. The requirements stated by [[HSPD-12]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-HSPD-12) still apply under this new memorandum. 
```

> The content of this section has been removed since OMB [[M-04-04]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-OMB0404) has been rescinded by OMB [[M-19-17]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-OMB1917), which recognizes the IALs and AALs defined in NIST [[SP 800-63]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63) as the framework for managing digital identity risks within the Federal Government. The requirements stated by [[HSPD-12]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-HSPD-12) still apply under this new memorandum. 

Author: ```suggestion
The content of this section has been removed since OMB [[M-04-04]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-OMB0404) has been rescinded by OMB [[M-19-17]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-OMB1917), which recognizes the IALs and AALs defined in NIST [[SP 800-63]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-SP-800-63) as the framework for managing digital identity risks within the Federal Government. The policy established by [[HSPD-12]](../_Appendix/references.md#ref-HSPD-12) still applies under this new memorandum. 
```
